# CISC3130-Lab-7
Repository for Lab 7 assignment for CISC3130 TY9 due December 6, 2020. This repository contains one html file titled "index.html", and the webpage is hosted on GitHub pages. The URL for the website is: https://mahiri1009.github.io/CISC3130-Lab-7/. 
The website is a simple personal website, an opening header with my full and a then a small bit of introductory educational background, followed by a section meant for contact information. I decided to only post my BC email and the link to my GitHub in the contact information section.
The "contact information" section is succeeded by an "education" section where ordered lists are used to list the computer science courses I've already taken as well as the ones I am currently taking. And finally a "projects" section that contains links to my repositories for all 7 lab assignments (including this one) for this course.
All of the above was coded in HTML.
The CSS code creates two light gray "margins" for the page while the "main" part of the website is white, just to give it a bit less of a boring look. This was done by enclosing all of the pages contents in div tags and then giving it an id called "main." I used CSS to increase the margins on the left and right sides and give the div a 1px solid black border. I set the body's background to the light gray color in the CSS rule while the div background color remained white. That's how I got the page to have the gray margins. 
That's all there is to the website, again to the visit the website, this is the link: https://mahiri1009.github.io/CISC3130-Lab-7/.
